if good morning starts in the morning
the beginning is certainly encouraging
barletta calcio 5 starts with a net
and unequivocal affirmation the
seventeenth consecutive adventure
in the championship series b beats on the
parquet of the paladisfida mario borgia a
modest modugno with the score of 5 1
and thus collects the first three points
of the season
race never really questioned about
of the excellent first part played
by the hosts
there is the novelty roberto chiereghin in
there are bench for the red and white
indistinct two of the three Spaniards
hired during the summer session
of the market ie Torregrossa pepper
and victor of the eagle
debut postponed instead for there black
garrote waiting for the transfer
absent even the injured star ed
acocella the red and white starting five is
composed by capuano victor capacchione
pepper and calamity and the latter after two
minutes to surprise the people of Bari and break up
balance status
barletta immediately took advantage of the
doubling already reaches the fifth minute you
for finishes for capacchione
very easy to deposit the sphere in
another goal bag of one of the components
of the old guard
severino tries to light his
left-handed spadavecchia is also saved with
the help of the pole
the same extreme defender in the middle
opposes very well to pepper before and of
what, however, the trio, however, is something done to
half fraction and bears the signature of
bizzoca biancorossa academy at the
paladisfida the crossbar denies joy
of the first Italian goal to pepper the other
Spanish victor offers the right assist
which magnet turns into a poker goal
including a personal double
4 to 0 barletta at the victory interval
mortgaged
the pace progressively decreases over the course
of the recovery
also because the hosts do not have
plus the need to push hard
accelerator
the modugno takes advantage of this to get out
from the shell and create some danger
from the parts of capuano
the Bari find the goal of the flag
in the seventh minute with castro but then
they no longer know how to influence forward
and barletta show at paladisfida instead
when victor concludes masterfully
manual football action 5
maximum benefit equaled by
biancorossi race almost over
there is still time for a stake struck by
cutrignelli for guests and for touch
other the 51 remains so unchanged until
final sound of the siren
and then it starts winning and
convincing the barletta Calcio to 5 of the
new triad antonio dazzaro president
ruggiero italia general manager e
ruggiero sparrow sports director for
today it is important to make the result
this is the main thing we say then
let's say we don't have to mount it
head because the model certainly a
low profile team
however this does not
we don't have to say
reduce the
commitment is the great result that i
guys on the field have got it and it is
seen you have seen will be yours
desire to win that they are
right credentials to deal with
a championship with a maximum
tranquility